Update README.md (#83)
godaddy-wordpress/sake: README.md

$ npm update skyverge/sake
```

> [!NOTE]
> Sake is currently not versioned, but a specific commit may be provided when installing, such as `skyverge/sake#0d5ec6622a6845f695d9e8ed04f4db08bd0e4986`.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Since commit [18cc1f611af69e9d38d4b0904a41556f6719fbfe](https://github.com/godaddy-wordpress/sake/commit/18cc1f611af69e9d38d4b0904a41556f6719fbfe), the WooCommerce deployment process updated.

Reviewer: Just for readability, I think we can get away with only displaying the first 7 characters of the commit hash.
```suggestion
> Since commit [18cc1f6](https://github.com/godaddy-wordpress/sake/commit/18cc1f611af69e9d38d4b0904a41556f6719fbfe), the WooCommerce deployment process updated.
```

Author: Good call

> > Since commit [18cc1f6](https://github.com/godaddy-wordpress/sake/commit/18cc1f611af69e9d38d4b0904a41556f6719fbfe), the WooCommerce deployment process updated.
> > Refer to [Setting up your environment](https://github.com/godaddy-wordpress/sake/wiki/Plugin-Deployment#setting-up-your-environment) section for the revised prerequisites.

Reviewer: Give more of a hint for prerequisites changes.

```suggestion
> Refer to the [Setting up your environment](https://github.com/godaddy-wordpress/sake/wiki/Plugin-Deployment#setting-up-your-environment) section for the revised prerequisites, notably replacement of now-unused `WC_CONSUMER_KEY` and `WC_CONSUMER_SECRET` variables with new required `WC_USERNAME` and `WC_APPLICATION_PASSWORD` variables.
```
